Improve Chainguard Libraries docs (#2141)
chainguard-dev/edu: content/chainguard/libraries/overview.md

## Introduction 

Chainguard Libraries builds all available libraries from source code in the

> Chainguard Factory and makes them available for you. Chainguard Factory is a

Author: This is a small start for Chainguard Factory. Wording is from the press release and website stuff around Assemble.

> Chainguard Factory and makes them available for you. Chainguard Factory is a

Reviewer: I would add some language like below about how it's Chainguard's internal build infra

```suggestion
Chainguard Factory and makes them available for you. Chainguard Factory represents Chainguard's internal tooling that enable a
```

Author: Done
